I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
You love me. Real or not real?"I tell him, "Real.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears."After all this time?""Always," said Snape.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
Tis better to have loved and lost, Than never to have loved at all.
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.
Some people don't understand the promises they're making when they make them," I said."Right, of course. But you keep the promise anyway. That's what love is. Love is keeping the promise anyway.
Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
We love the things we love for what they are.
I would die for you. But I won't live for you.
In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
You are, and always have been, my dream.
You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.
The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.
So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
And so the lion fell in love with the lamb…" he murmured. I looked away, hiding my eyes as I thrilled to the word."What a stupid lamb," I sighed."What a sick, masochistic lion.
This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever
The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!
Eleanor was right. She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something.
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.
What's meant to be will always find a way
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field.I'll meet you there.When the soul lies down in that grassthe world is too full to talk about.
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful.
The heart was made to be broken.
This above all: to thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
My daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away.
If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.
Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.
And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make.
What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
You are the answer to every prayer I've offered. You are a song, a dream, a whisper, and I don't know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have.
I can feel Peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, 'So now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?' I turn into him. 'Put you somewhere you can't get hurt.
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
If you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go.
Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it
Do you think I'm pretty?I think you're beautifulBeautiful?You are so beautiful, it hurts sometimes.
I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.
When love is not madness it is not love.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.
I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.
True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
I think... if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts.
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.
The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over.
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
One love, one heart, one destiny.
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled?
It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.
You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It's not overrated. There's a reason for all those songs.
What Is Love? I have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul
All I ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.
To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake!
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now
Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.
Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought. For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistable urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex. Yippee.
You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.
Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Look after my heart - I've left it with you.
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.
And then he gives me a smile that just seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me.
He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It’s his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.
I want to do with you what spring does with the cherry trees.
Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.
You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
How do you spell 'love'?" - Piglet"You don't spell it...you feel it." - Pooh
Tonight I can write the saddest linesI loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.
Happiness [is] only real when shared
A DEFINITION NOT FOUND IN THE DICTIONARY Not leaving: an act of trust and love,often deciphered by children
One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence.
Maybe...you'll fall in love with me all over again.""Hell," I said, "I love you enough now. What do you want to do? Ruin me?""Yes. I want to ruin you.""Good," I said. "That's what I want too.
Was it hard?" I ask.Letting go?"Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real.
I'm saying that I'm a moody, insecure, narrow-minded, jealous, borderline homicidal bitch, and I want you to promise me that you're okay with that, because it's who I am, and you're what I need.
Then I realize what it is. It's him. Something about him makes me feel like I am about to fall. Or turn to liquid. Or burst into flames.
Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you.
Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.
As if you were on fire from within.The moon lives in the lining of your skin.
Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.
I wasn't actually in love, but I felt a sort of tender curiosity.
When I am with you, we stay up all night.When you're not here, I can't go to sleep.Praise God for those two insomnias!And the difference between them.
I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.
If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
There is only one page left to write on. I will fill it with words of only one syllable. I love. I have loved. I will love.
Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift.
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
Who, being loved, is poor?
Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another.
I'm not sentimental--I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know,is that the sentimental person thinks things will last--the romanticperson has a desperate confidence that they won't.
I'm on Aslan's side even if there isn't any Aslan to lead it. I'm going to live as like a Narnian as I can even if there isn't any Narnia.
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
It is easy to love people in memory the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.
Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.
When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways.
Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I can not live without my life! I can not live without my soul!
I fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the years we were apart.
What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
Sorrow is how we learn to love. Your heart isn't breaking. It hurts because it's getting larger. The larger it gets, the more love it holds.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life:That word is love.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
I guess that’s just part of loving people: You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it...
Time was passing like a hand waving from a train I wanted to be on. I hope you never have to think about anything as much as I think about you.
Sometimes love means letting go when you want to hold on tighter.
Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.
Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,And all the sweet serenity of books
If someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody I love, I would eat them. I might end up in jail for 500 years, but I would eat them.
From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone.
Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.
People have forgotten this truth," the fox said. "But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
When someone is in your heart, they're never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.
Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.
I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and heightMy soul can reach
When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again.
This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.
Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face - I know it's an impossibility, but I cannot help myself.
To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.
I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?
I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.
In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.
True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.
Watch out for intellect,because it knows so much it knows nothingand leaves you hanging upside down,mouthing knowledge as your heartfalls out of your mouth.
We're staying together," he promised. "You're not getting away from me. Never again.
The sunlight claps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea: what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me?
Even After All this timeThe Sun never says to the Earth,"You owe me."LookWhat happensWith a love like that,It lights the whole sky.
To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balancedlife.
If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes.
My wish is that you may be loved to the point of madness.
The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next!
We are who we are, be­cause of those we choose to love and be­cause of those who love us.
I won't ever leave you, even though you're always leaving me.
This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.
We are not trapped or locked up in these bones. No, no. We are free to change. And love changes us. And if we can love one another, we can break open the sky.
Sometimes when I'm alone, I take the pearl from where it lives in my pocket and try to remember the boy with the bread, the strong arms that warded off nightmares on the train, the kisses in the arena.
Ok. You fuck me, then snub me. You love me, you hate me. You show me a sensitive side, then you turn into a total asshole. Is this a pretty accurate description of our relationship.
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince
About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.
For my part, I prefer my heart to be broken. It is so lovely, dawn-kaleidoscopic within the crack.
The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive.
When I look in the mirror, I know I’m looking at someone who isn’t sure she deserves to be loved at all.
I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it -- to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze.
In a perfect world, you could fuck people without giving them a piece of your heart. And every glittering kiss and every touch of flesh is another shard of heart you’ll never see again.
The human heart is a strange vessel. Love and hatred can exist side by side.
For where all love is, the speaking is unnecessary
Someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. You'll see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing...
Spending time with you showed me what I’ve been missing in my life.
sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love
It is possible to be in love with you just because of who you are.
The music in his laughter had a way of rounding off the missing notes in her soul.
If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn't love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
I bet you could sometimes find all the mysteries of the universe in someone's hand.
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Each of us is born with a box of matches inside us but we can't strike them all by ourselves
Yet each man kills the thing he lovesBy each let this be heardSome do it with a bitter lookSome with a flattering wordThe coward does it with a kissThe brave man with a sword
I almost wish we were butterflies and liv'd but three summer days - three such days with you I could fill with more delight than fifty common years could ever contain.
I'd learned that some things are best kept secret.
Don't waste your love on somebody, who doesn't value it.
And next time you're planning to injure yourself to get me attention, just remember that a little sweet talk works wonders.
Love is how you stay alive, even after you are gone.
If only she could be so oblivious again, to feel such love without knowing it, mistaking it for laughter.
love, I've come to understand is more than three words mumbled before bedtime.
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.
The highest function of love is that it makes the loved one a unique and irreplaceable being.
I know enough to know that no woman should ever marry a man who hated his mother.
And what would humans be without love?"RARE, said Death.
I have feelings too. I am still human. All I want is to be loved, for myself and for my talent.
Love is not the absence of logicbut logic examined and recalculatedheated and curved to fitinside the contours of the heart
True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion.
Hearts are breakable," Isabelle said. "And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before".
Just because you're beautiful and perfect, it's made you conceited.
Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.
You are the one girl that made me risk eveything for a future worth having.
By the time you swear you're his,Shivering and sighing.And he vows his passion is,Infinite, undying.Lady make note of this --One of you is lying.
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
I'll fight it. I'll fight it for you. Don't you worry about me, Hazel Grace. I'm okay. I'll find a way to hang around and annoy you for a long time.
That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.
Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love.
The heart is the toughest part of the body. Tenderness is in the hands.
Good night, good night! parting is such sweet sorrow, That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
The soul is healed by being with children.
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything
I wondered what happened when you offered yourself to someone, and they opened you, only to discover you were not the gift they expected and they had to smile and nod and say thank you all the same.
When it's gone, you'll know what a gift love was. You'll suffer like this. So go back and fight to keep it.
Romance is thinking about your significant other, when you are supposed to be thinking about something else.
If you're a bird... I'm a bird...
I told you. You don't love someone because of their looks or their clothes or their car. You love them because they sing a song only your heart can understand.
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. Even if you can't get together with that person.
Love is the extremely difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
I belong to my beloved, and my beloved is mine.
Someday you'll find someone special again. People who've been in love once usually do. It's in their nature.
Yours is the light by which my spirit's born: - you are my sun, my moon, and all my stars.
It's bullshit to think of friendship and romance as being different. They're not. They're just variations of the same love. Variations of the same desire to be close.
If my love were an ocean,there would be no more land.If my love were a desert,you would see only sand.If my love were a star-late at night, only light.And if my love could grow wings,I'd be soaring in flight.
Love, it never dies. It never goes away, it never fades, so long as you hang on to it. Love can make you immortal
It's hard being left behind.It's hard to be the one who stays.
Why are old lovers able to become friends? Two reasons. They never truly loved each other, or they love each other still.
and he suddenly knew that if she killed herself, he would die. Maybe not immediately, maybe not with the same blinding rush of pain, but it would happen. You couldn't live for very long without a heart.
She wanted something else, something different, something more. Passion and romance, perhaps, or maybe quiet conversations in candlelit rooms, or perhaps something as simple as not being second.
Moments, when lost, can't be found again. They're just gone.
I wonder if fears ever really go away, or if they just lose their power over us.
In desperate love, we always invent the characters of our partners, demanding they be what we need of them, and then feeling devastated when they refuse to perform the role we created in the first place.
Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel.
There is always something left to love.
We must love one another or die
If a thing loves, it is infinite.